[Music]
for industry to read the bags again
take you to the nearest star
we caught in here you know about that
if you wanna be
it's not for the tribute to our
[Music]
we got in him you know
listen to that
you set the place on fire
you really have one of the colors like
this whoa whoa okay
Arlena are you feeling all right here
new thing you more than anybody of
course right what can I say the ramps
returns wiggling around this room like
sausages on the barbecue sausages on the
barbecue they sizzle and did sizzle
you're right sausages do sizzle Flynn
all that aside I thought it was
absolutely fantastic
[Applause]
Matt you're bringing sexy back you'll
turn into the spice boy of the
competition now they pray you're smiling
and you look satisfied
totally loving your work that was
brilliant ladies and gentlemen the
judges scores Kraig Revel Horwood 9
[Applause]